abci/example: use base64 for update validator set (#3641)
tendermint/tendermint: abci/example/kvstore/README.md

Validator set changes are effected using the following transaction format:

```
"val:pubkey1!power1,pubkey2!power2,pubkey3!power3"
```

> where `power1` is the new voting power for the validator with `pubkey1` (possibly a new one).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `pubkeyN` is a base64 encoded raw pubkey and `powerN` is a new voting power for the validator with `pubkeyN` (possibly a new one). To remove a validator from the validator set, set power to `0`.
```

Author: "Validators can be removed by setting their power to `0`"  already exist
